Bump Kani version to 0.60.0 (#3923)
model-checking/kani: CHANGELOG.md

This file was introduced starting Kani 0.23.0, so it only contains changes from version 0.23.0 onwards.

## [0.60.0]

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: Let's call this a "Major" change instead since it doesn't break anything (hopefully 😉 )

* Autoharness Subcommand by @carolynzech in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3874

### What's Changed

> * Fast fail feature - Stops verification process as soon as one failure is observed - Use case : CI speed up by @rajath-mk in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3879
> * Adjust PropertyClass of assertions to identify UB by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3860
> * Remove isize overflow check for zst offsets by @carolynzech in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3897
> * Convert raw URL to link by @flba-eb in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3907
> * Update toolchain to 2025-03-02 by @remi-delmas-3000 @carolynzech @thanhnguyen-aws @zhassan-aws and @tautschnig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fast fail option - Stop verification process as soon as one failure is observed by @rajath-mk in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3879
* Fail verification for UB regardless of whether `#[should_panic]` is enabled by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3860
* Remove isize overflow check for zst offsets by @carolynzech in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3897
* Support concrete playback for arrays of length 65 or greater by @carolynzech in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3888
* Update toolchain to 2025-03-02 by @remi-delmas-3000 @carolynzech @thanhnguyen-aws @zhassan-aws and @tautschnig
```

This file was introduced starting Kani 0.23.0, so it only contains changes from version 0.23.0 onwards.

## [0.60.0]

### Breaking Changes

> * Autoharness Subcommand by @carolynzech in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3874

Reviewer 2: This still appears under "Breaking Changes". Please add it under a separate "Major Changes" section.
